UNIT FILE                                                              STATE    
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount                                      static   
org.freedesktop.hostname1.busname                                      static   
org.freedesktop.import1.busname                                        static   
org.freedesktop.locale1.busname                                        static   
org.freedesktop.login1.busname                                         static   
org.freedesktop.machine1.busname                                       static   
org.freedesktop.network1.busname                                       static   
org.freedesktop.resolve1.busname                                       static   
org.freedesktop.systemd1.busname                                       static   
org.freedesktop.timedate1.busname                                      static   
-.mount                                                                generated
dev-hugepages.mount                                                    static   
dev-mqueue.mount                                                       static   
etc-pacman.d-gnupg.mount                                               static   
home.mount                                                             generated
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                                                     static   
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount                                          static   
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount                                          static   
sys-kernel-config.mount                                                static   
sys-kernel-debug.mount                                                 static   
tmp.mount                                                              static   
var-lib-machines.mount                                                 static   
var-lib-nfs-rpc_pipefs.mount                                           static   
systemd-ask-password-console.path                                      static   
systemd-ask-password-wall.path                                         static   
session-c1.scope                                                       transient
acpid.service                                                          disabled 
adsl.service                                                           disabled 
alsa-restore.service                                                   static   
alsa-state.service                                                     static   
atd.service                                                            enabled  
auth-rpcgss-module.service                                             static   
autovt@.service                                                        enabled  
avahi-daemon.service                                                   disabled 
avahi-dnsconfd.service                                                 disabled 
batterychecker.service                                                 static   
blk-availability.service                                               disabled 
btrfs-scrub@.service                                                   static   
canberra-system-bootup.service                                         disabled 
canberra-system-shutdown-reboot.service                                disabled 
canberra-system-shutdown.service                                       disabled 
colord.service                                                         static   
console-getty.service                                                  disabled 
container-getty@.service                                               static   
cpupower.service                                                       disabled 
cronie.service                                                         enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service                                 static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.import1.service                                   static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service                                   static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service                                    static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service                                  static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service                             enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.network1.service                                  disabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.service                            enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service                             enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service                                  disabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service                                 static   
dbus.service                                                           static   
debug-shell.service                                                    disabled 
dhclient@.service                                                      disabled 
dhcpcd.service                                                         disabled 
dhcpcd@.service                                                        disabled 
display-manager.service                                                enabled  
dm-event.service                                                       disabled 
dmraid.service                                                         disabled 
dnsmasq.service                                                        disabled 
emergency.service                                                      static   
fancontrol.service                                                     disabled 
fstrim.service                                                         static   
ftpd.service                                                           disabled 
geoclue.service                                                        static   
getty@.service                                                         enabled  
git-daemon@.service                                                    static   
gkrellm.service                                                        disabled 
gpm.service                                                            disabled 
gssproxy.service                                                       disabled 
haveged.service                                                        disabled 
healthd.service                                                        disabled 
initrd-cleanup.service                                                 static   
initrd-parse-etc.service                                               static   
initrd-switch-root.service                                             static   
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service                                      static   
ip6tables.service                                                      disabled 
iptables.service                                                       disabled 
kmod-static-nodes.service                                              static   
krb5-kadmind.service                                                   disabled 
krb5-kdc.service                                                       disabled 
krb5-kpropd.service                                                    disabled 
krb5-kpropd@.service                                                   static   
ldconfig.service                                                       static   
lm_sensors.service                                                     disabled 
logrotate.service                                                      static   
lvm2-lvmetad.service                                                   disabled 
lvm2-monitor.service                                                   disabled 
lvm2-pvscan@.service                                                   static   
lxdm.service                                                           enabled  
man-db.service                                                         static   
mdadm-grow-continue@.service                                           static   
mdadm-last-resort@.service                                             static   
mdmon@.service                                                         static   
mdmonitor.service                                                      static   
mkinitcpio-generate-shutdown-ramfs.service                             static   
ModemManager.service                                                   enabled  
nbd.service                                                            disabled 
nbd@.service                                                           disabled 
netctl-auto@.service                                                   disabled 
netctl-ifplugd@.service                                                disabled 
netctl-sleep.service                                                   disabled 
netctl.service                                                         disabled 
netctl@.service                                                        static   
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service                                      enabled  
NetworkManager-wait-online.service                                     disabled 
NetworkManager.service                                                 enabled  
nfs-blkmap.service                                                     disabled 
nfs-idmapd.service                                                     static   
nfs-mountd.service                                                     static   
nfs-server.service                                                     disabled 
nfs-utils.service                                                      static   
nscd.service                                                           disabled 
ntpd.service                                                           disabled 
ntpdate.service                                                        disabled 
octopi.service                                                         disabled 
pacman-init.service                                                    disabled 
polkit.service                                                         static   
ppp@.service                                                           disabled 
quotaon.service                                                        static   
rescue.service                                                         static   
rfkill-block@.service                                                  disabled 
rfkill-unblock@.service                                                disabled 
rlogin@.service                                                        static   
rpc-gssd.service                                                       static   
rpc-statd-notify.service                                               static   
rpc-statd.service                                                      static   
rpc-svcgssd.service                                                    static   
rpcbind.service                                                        disabled 
rsh@.service                                                           static   
rsyncd.service                                                         disabled 
rsyncd@.service                                                        static   
rtkit-daemon.service                                                   disabled 
sensord.service                                                        disabled 
serial-getty@.service                                                  disabled 
shadow.service                                                         static   
smartd.service                                                         disabled 
speech-dispatcherd.service                                             disabled 
systemd-ask-password-console.service                                   static   
systemd-ask-password-wall.service                                      static   
systemd-backlight@.service                                             static   
systemd-binfmt.service                                                 static   
systemd-coredump@.service                                              static   
systemd-exit.service                                                   static   
systemd-firstboot.service                                              static   
systemd-fsck-root.service                                              static   
systemd-fsck@.service                                                  static   
systemd-halt.service                                                   static   
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service                                      static   
systemd-hibernate.service                                              static   
systemd-hostnamed.service                                              static   
systemd-hwdb-update.service                                            static   
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                                           static   
systemd-importd.service                                                static   
systemd-initctl.service                                                static   
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service                                 static   
systemd-journal-flush.service                                          static   
systemd-journal-gatewayd.service                                       indirect 
systemd-journal-remote.service                                         indirect 
systemd-journal-upload.service                                         disabled 
systemd-journald.service                                               static   
systemd-kexec.service                                                  static   
systemd-localed.service                                                static   
systemd-logind.service                                                 static   
systemd-machine-id-commit.service                                      static   
systemd-machined.service                                               static   
systemd-modules-load.service                                           static   
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service                                   disabled 
systemd-networkd.service                                               disabled 
systemd-nspawn@.service                                                disabled 
systemd-poweroff.service                                               static   
systemd-quotacheck.service                                             static   
systemd-random-seed.service                                            static   
systemd-reboot.service                                                 static   
systemd-remount-fs.service                                             static   
systemd-resolved.service                                               disabled 
systemd-rfkill.service                                                 static   
systemd-suspend.service                                                static   
systemd-sysctl.service                                                 static   
systemd-sysusers.service                                               static   
systemd-timedated.service                                              static   
systemd-timesyncd.service                                              disabled 
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service                                         static   
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service                                     static   
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service                                         static   
systemd-udev-settle.service                                            static   
systemd-udev-trigger.service                                           static   
systemd-udevd.service                                                  static   
systemd-update-done.service                                            static   
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service                                   static   
systemd-update-utmp.service                                            static   
systemd-user-sessions.service                                          static   
systemd-vconsole-setup.service                                         static   
talk.service                                                           indirect 
teamd@.service                                                         static   
telnet@.service                                                        static   
tlp-sleep.service                                                      enabled  
tlp.service                                                            enabled  
udisks2.service                                                        disabled 
usb_modeswitch@.service                                                static   
user@.service                                                          static   
uuidd.service                                                          indirect 
wpa_supplicant-nl80211@.service                                        disabled 
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service                                          disabled 
wpa_supplicant.service                                                 disabled 
wpa_supplicant@.service                                                disabled 
machine.slice                                                          static   
system.slice                                                           static   
user-1000.slice                                                        transient
user.slice                                                             static   
avahi-daemon.socket                                                    disabled 
dbus.socket                                                            static   
dm-event.socket                                                        static   
git-daemon.socket                                                      disabled 
krb5-kpropd.socket                                                     disabled 
lvm2-lvmetad.socket                                                    static   
rlogin.socket                                                          disabled 
rpcbind.socket                                                         disabled 
rsh.socket                                                             disabled 
rsyncd.socket                                                          disabled 
syslog.socket                                                          static   
systemd-coredump.socket                                                static   
systemd-initctl.socket                                                 static   
systemd-journal-gatewayd.socket                                        disabled 
systemd-journal-remote.socket                                          disabled 
systemd-journald-audit.socket                                          static   
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket                                        static   
systemd-journald.socket                                                static   
systemd-networkd.socket                                                disabled 
systemd-rfkill.socket                                                  static   
systemd-udevd-control.socket                                           static   
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                                            static   
talk.socket                                                            disabled 
telnet.socket                                                          disabled 
uuidd.socket                                                           disabled 
dev-disk-by\x2duuid-5a6…2\x2d0b8b\x2d4759\x2da752\x2d62e22e7fcd93.swap generated
basic.target                                                           static   
bluetooth.target                                                       static   
busnames.target                                                        static   
cryptsetup-pre.target                                                  static   
cryptsetup.target                                                      static   
ctrl-alt-del.target                                                    disabled 
default.target                                                         static   
emergency.target                                                       static   
exit.target                                                            disabled 
final.target                                                           static   
getty.target                                                           static   
graphical.target                                                       static   
halt.target                                                            disabled 
hibernate.target                                                       static   
hybrid-sleep.target                                                    static   
initrd-fs.target                                                       static   
initrd-root-device.target                                              static   
initrd-root-fs.target                                                  static   
initrd-switch-root.target                                              static   
initrd.target                                                          static   
kexec.target                                                           disabled 
local-fs-pre.target                                                    static   
local-fs.target                                                        static   
machines.target                                                        disabled 
multi-user.target                                                      static   
network-online.target                                                  static   
network-pre.target                                                     static   
network.target                                                         static   
nfs-client.target                                                      disabled 
nss-lookup.target                                                      static   
nss-user-lookup.target                                                 static   
paths.target                                                           static   
poweroff.target                                                        disabled 
printer.target                                                         static   
reboot.target                                                          disabled 
remote-fs-pre.target                                                   static   
remote-fs.target                                                       enabled  
rescue.target                                                          disabled 
rpcbind.target                                                         static   
shutdown.target                                                        static   
sigpwr.target                                                          static   
sleep.target                                                           static   
slices.target                                                          static   
smartcard.target                                                       static   
sockets.target                                                         static   
sound.target                                                           static   
suspend.target                                                         static   
swap.target                                                            static   
sysinit.target                                                         static   
system-update.target                                                   static   
time-sync.target                                                       static   
timers.target                                                          static   
umount.target                                                          static   
batterychecker.timer                                                   enabled  
btrfs-scrub@.timer                                                     disabled 
fstrim.timer                                                           disabled 
logrotate.timer                                                        static   
man-db.timer                                                           static   
mdadm-last-resort@.timer                                               static   
shadow.timer                                                           static   
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer                                           static   

303 unit files listed.
